forces have also surrounded Al Amal
Hospital in canun that's where the
headquarters of the Palestinian red
cresant is I'm joined by nabel fasak who
is the organization's spokesperson who
is in rala so we were hearing there uh
about NASA Hospital which is the largest
health facility alaman the second
largest hospital uh talk us through the
latest as you understand it from there
do you still have a team in the hospital
and what are they saying to you about
the state of the hospital
now good morning we are extremely
worried regarding the safety of our team
at Al Amal hospital and the Palestine R
Cresent headquarters along with our
emergency medical center in Han yunes
the total area is under P it is PED by
Israeli occupation forces everyone is
trapped inside our facilities no one is
able to go out no one is even able to
come in we have besides our Medical
Teams paramedics and our staff we have
have a patients and wounded inside alal
Hospital along with thousands of
displaced people who are taking shelter
inside Al Amal hospital and the
Palestine Red Cross and headquarters the
area now is extremely dangerous they are
hearing strong bombing in the area and
um they are unable to go out because of
how dangerous it is and everyone anyone
is trying to move out or just walk in
the street is being Target it the
situation is extremely dangerous and we
are now uh really uh worried about the
safety of our teams there and when was
the last time you were able to
communicate with any members of your
team
there so the problem now um there is
complete communication blackout in hanun
we can't reach any of them over cell
phones landlines cellular or even Wi-Fi
the only means of communication is via
the VHF waves so this is not stable and
it is under constant Distortion we were
able to connect with them half an hour
ago however um the communication is not
stable and this is the only means of
communication with them they have
mentioned that our ambulances are unable
to respond to the calls from Desperate
people injured wounded in the area
because um as I mentioned our EMS Center
is also ped and our ambulances are un
able to leave the center to go to reach
those uh wounded people right so that's
exactly what we're hearing about NASA
Hospital the uh uh Emergency Services
not being able to go out onto the
streets to rescue people because of the
constant B bombardment going on around
the hospital uh we're also hearing about
uh lack of medical supplies uh lack of
doctors even many doctors who have left
the hospital what is your understanding
in terms of what medical facilities are
available at at uh at your particular
Hospital Al Amal
hospital so the situation in Al Amal
hospital as right exactly as what's
happening in Naser hospital all
hospitals who are in south of Gaza have
been under intense targeting during the
pre previous weeks this is not the first
attack we got several attacks and
bombings in the area of alal hospital we
got direct attacks at the pales the Cent
quarters with artillery shink which
literally destroyed three floors and
killed at least seven people who were
inside the Palestine red crescent
headquarters the situation is extremely
dangerous um the inside the hospital we
are at risk also of a fuel depression we
have been rationalizing the consumption
of the fuel in order to continue
providing our life-saving uh services
for a longer time there's shortage in
medicines and medical supplies and
absolutely food is also um a struggle
where there is a fixed amount of food um
and the situation as as I mentioned is
dangerous we continue on calling the
International Community to urgently
intervene and provide protection for
health care workers paramedics according
to the international humanitarian law
Nebel I can hear the uh the distress in
your voice I really hope your colleagues
make it safe
nabel fak the organization uh
spokesperson of the Palestinian red
cresant thank you